Theme Tune: [Music]
Codey: Hello farmers, and welcome to another episode
Codey: of the Harvest Season.
Codey: My name is Cody.
Kevin: My name is Kevin.
Codey: And we are here today to talk about cottage corgi.
Kevin: No, Popeia.
Kevin: All they took Popeia, we are here.
Kevin: We're supposed to go be a world way.
Codey: We have a small bit of news, but the majority of this episode will be about
Kevin: - How about, we are here to talk about other cottagecore games.
Kevin: But, look, Popeia.
Codey: a pacopia and specifically Kev's thoughts on pacopia. I myself am not
Codey: playing it. I don't have a switch to and just I'm not really interested in getting
Codey: one right now. But I am so stoked to hear what your thoughts are and maybe I'll
Codey: I'll start watching friends stream it or something, I don't know.
Codey: So, I'll be talking to Kev about his thoughts and we'll kind of go over what
Codey: PCOPIA is so far. Got a small amount of news before that, but before that, Kev,
Codey: what have you been up to? Other than PCOPIA.
Kevin: I don't think I have answer friend. Oh, oh, oh, yeah, no, um, that that
Codey: Yeah, I mean, if that's all it is, that's what it is.
Kevin: I guess I watched I started watching was a monarch legacy your monsters or whatever. Um, well, I just I just okay
Codey: - Oh yeah, how is that?
Kevin: I'm only season one because it was it's now on prime. I guess I'm so much in it there
Kevin: So well, first of all, I do like the the legendary monster verse whatever. Do you like them the western?
Kevin: Okay, so I'm all right. Cool. Well, hey, I mean, I like them to a big fan of them. So
Kevin: It's so the quality feels on par with the movies. Let's say that
Kevin: Like the CGI and the acting and everything
Kevin: it is
Kevin: Episode two I haven't we haven't fact already seen a monster so you know, they're not holding back
Kevin: But nothing named or you know from the natural to overs, but there's a monster
Kevin: there is
Kevin: The structure is kind of wild because there are
Kevin: Three or four time periods that they're bouncing around from the 50s the 80s like
Kevin: quinte like
Kevin: 2015 and 2017. There's like a small gap
Kevin: Something around between a lot of characters a lot of them connected via family tree
Kevin: at different points and and you're just kind of getting
Kevin: The feel um, so I'm I'm just starting and then figuring on what's going on and learning to be about these characters
Kevin: Um, it I'll say it's a fun premise because
Kevin: Starts off with the this woman who goes to to pick up her dead stuff clean up the fairs after we passed away
Kevin: and surprise the apartment
Kevin: the kids to has the other family in Japan. So that's a way to start the series. So yeah, that's fine. I know season two is out of people watching it. But anyway, so yeah. Yeah.
Codey: Cool, I know that Kurt Russell is in it and his son plays a younger version of him, right?
Kevin: That is correct. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. That is correct. It is. Yeah, it's great
Kevin: It was cool to see Kurt Russell show up. We also got at least one bit of more footage of John Goodman
Kevin: So you know, that's a treat always always treat for that John Goodman
Kevin: But yeah, that's uh, I guess I did that but other what like gaming wise like I guess I vlogged in a message
Kevin: I don't know. It's it's coco bitch. I hope you and my veins all all day every minute. I'm angry when I'm not playing
Codey: [laughing]
Kevin: It um, but anyway, sir. I came with something. Oh, what about you? What what is going on in the non-pocopia world that I've heard about?
Codey: there you go um well I have been playing um I've played the spire the first one I got to
Codey: ascension 12 I believe but then slay the spire to um early access came out and so I got that
Codey: and it is like really good and really the only reason that they're still in early access is because
Codey: they want to leave.
Codey: they make optimize it and have people test out, test it out and make sure that it's balanced like so it's pretty much a fully fledged game right now, I mean there's a couple things where they clearly, they say that they're going to add different art or whatever and so they have like these example art things that they have up that look like a kid drew it but I honestly love it like I kind of just love like a scribbly
Codey: a scribbly little monster and it just says like placeholder.
Codey: But also that it's for like the cutscenes and stuff.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, no, I like that a lot, I like the aesthetic of just you.
Codey: So it's not even like it's not, yeah, it's not even like the gameplay itself.
Kevin: That's even better.
Codey: Like it's a pretty fully developed game.
Codey: So very happy about that.
Codey: It plays really well.
Codey: There's two, they got rid of the watcher and then there's two new characters that you can play.
Codey: The one is called the regent and he's basically just like a king and he just...
Codey: creates minions and sacrifices them a lot.
Codey: And then the other guy is called the necker binder and he has like a hand that he brings to life.
Codey: And then you can also give it life and then it dies for you.
Codey: So it like, it basically is your shield.
Codey: So yeah.
Codey: So, but it's really interesting.
Codey: I haven't, I've not played a lot of it
Codey: so I'll try to finish the dissertation, the surprise when you defend, you're not done.
Kevin: But I thought you were alone.
Codey: It's still, there's still stuff to do.
Kevin: Now we were betrayed, lied to.
Codey: Now, well, basically, I have the word in front of my name now, but I technically still
Codey: have to finish the writing of the dissertation, which is 500 pages.
Kevin: Oh, what a true.
Codey: Yeah, she, she hefty. I, I did it to myself. Let's be
Codey: honest. Um, and then on top of this way or two, I've started playing a game about digging a
Codey: hole. That is the, that is the name about, that's a name about, that is the name. It's just called a
Kevin: - Yeah, that's a genre.
Kevin: [laughing]
Codey: game about digging a hole and it's on game pass. And basically you buy this property because it's
Codey: like advertised that there's buried treasure in the backyard. So you buy it and then you start off
Codey: with like a travel um but it's
Codey: not like a it's like a battery powered trowel and then you gotta like go charge the battery a lot and you like end up
Codey: increasing your battery capacity and upgrading your trowel. So now I have like a drill basically and it
Codey: also like does a bigger area um and I'm pretty far down but it's just a silly little thing
Codey: uh that I to take my mind off of things since I'm not really playing the first sleighs by
Codey: any more. Unfortunately, it's loose.
Codey: This part is only available on Steam right now, so.
Kevin: I just wovled the big in the whole game because I was curious and the first thing I see is a Markiplier player player
Kevin: So, you know the pants this gets a movie adaptation is more than zero
Codey: Yeah
Kevin: But cool
Codey: Yeah, so uh, that's pretty much. Oh, yeah, it's it gets very deep
Kevin: Well, that's a big hole
Codey: I've hit a point where there is a creature that keeps killing me, and that's all I will say
Kevin: Oh
Kevin: Good yeah, well, yeah, I mean I expected creatures, but
Codey: And it's a fast play.
Codey: It's not something that you're going to lose a lot of hours to.
Codey: I've probably literally put an hour and a half, maybe two hours into the game.
Codey: And I'm already fully leveled up and everything.
Codey: But there's still stuff to do.
Codey: So I'm doing it.
Codey: That's what we've been up to.
Codey: So let's get into the news.
Codey: So our first bit of news is Outbound is releasing
Codey: on the 23rd of...
Codey: April. Um, again, this is the van life game where you have a van and you upgrade the van and you travel around and it's real cool.
Codey: Uh, some listeners may note that that is one of my madness, my March Madness games.
Codey: I guess it wasn't March Madness. What did we call it? Draft. Fantasy Draft.
Kevin: the draft fantasy draft.
Codey: Um, it's one of mine. So I will have that in PCopia where two of mine.
Codey: You have two games of my five that are already out.
Kevin: I'm cooked at as is the kids say. It's over. I've been
Kevin: bought a mug. I don't know what the kids say. But it's over. I'm now
Kevin: actively rooting against devs. This is this is how much
Kevin: Alice twisted me. Yeah, but you dare concern Dave. Don't you dare.
Codey: [laughs]
Codey: Yep.
Codey: Do it, do it Eric.
Kevin: Book cool. Yeah. Oh.
Kevin: Anyways, April 23rd, and that was a
Kevin: I just want to know like how high can the van go? That's that's the question right like
Codey: How high? Oh, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, because you're you're putting like nonsense on top of your van like building the gardens like how much are we pushing these
Kevin: Physics, you know
Codey: Yeah, I want to see the top of the van's sway like Goofy's car during the Goofy movie.
Codey: I want this to save my life when the car goes into the river.
Kevin: Yeah, I
Codey: There's just so much stuff that if I can
Kevin: Want to see a one wheel come off the ground or you know one who wheels come off the ground when you turn
Codey: Yeah, I, uh, fully, fully doing like the one side wheelie for sure, yeah, there's also, yeah, I'm excited.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, oh
Kevin: They're very good for them
Codey: There is also a demo out right now on Switch 1 and Switch 2. Oh, I might get this on Switch,
Codey: actually. I'm trying to think about the kind of stuff I might want to get it on.
Kevin: or 25 euro and all sorts of stuff, the Polish is low T, only 95.
Codey: 199,000 Indonesian Rupias. These are some cool. I've not seen
Kevin: Um, yeah, yeah, I did not know you, you, you cranions, you, they hear me very near the other
Kevin: hervnia.
Kevin: I think that's it for now.
Codey: I have no idea how you say that.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, there's a 10% discount off all those prices, those are the base prices, but there's
Kevin: a 10% launch discount.
Kevin: So, oh, it's said, you know, venture hervnia is spending the amount of the couch and go
Kevin: Go buy it.
Codey: Cool. Next but a news is overthrown. Their 1.0 is out on the 18th of March. They also have
Codey: a new release trailer. Did you watch the trailer at all?
Kevin: I did and like well first of all I mean this game is already fast paced but wow they hit 1.0
Kevin: real fast too.
Kevin: They're dashing everywhere in the dev room in the game it's it's fast.
Codey: Yeah, you move real quick in the game. I actually really like some of the
Codey: Movement aspects that your character has like the water jet thing that you do looks really cool
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, you gnar until running over everything
Codey: The honor is running over everything
Codey: I also I just like think that the art style and the men the movement is really nice and flow as well
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, you feel that beat's good.
Codey: So it looks cool. I also like that you can plant in a group
Codey: red. So you can you can drag out like however I mean I'm there might be a limit based on your level if there's like a farming level or something like that I could foresee it being limited in some aspect but in the trailer they show someone like doing like a 6 by 10 grid or something like that like pulling it out or at one another point your character is like leaping and planting in mid-leap.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, it's it's interesting that they've kind of nailed both aspects.
Kevin: It's kind of insane, high octane, mad dash, throwing physics nonsense and still have,
Kevin: you know, oh, you can actually just walk around and plant things in a grid.
Kevin: Um, so good for you overthrown, you did it.
Codey: definitely your choose your own cozy or chaotic adventure.
Kevin: to grow the chaos core, but the woo-loo, yeah, or throw the woo-loo.
Codey: They also mentioned that it's a chaotic, chaotic co-op.
Codey: Yup, it's a new.
Kevin: That's your options.
Codey: Oh, yeah, those are your options and there's no in between.
Codey: Okay, so the next bit of news is moonlight peaks.
Kevin: Oh, alright.
Kevin: Yes, this is a twilight rip off.
Kevin: [laughing]
Codey: [laughing]
Codey: It is releasing on the 7th of July.
Codey: And this is basically like kind of Stardew-esque
Codey: but like vampires and magic and shape shifters.
Codey: And so, yeah.
Kevin: You can turn it yeah, you can turn into a bat. That's kind of cool. I will say that which presume I would hope is like a base ability, you know
Codey: Twilight Valley.
Codey: Yeah, and one of the other characters,
Codey: like the NPC characters turns into like a fox or a wolf
Codey: or whatever, it's definitely interesting.
Codey: They're also, they're like, the map seems to be fairly
Codey: sizeable and it looks like the NPC characters
Codey: can do like quite a bit.
Codey: It seems like they have like their own rich lives
Codey: and like you see the wolf far.
Codey: And then they go and like start talking to other characters.
Codey: And when you go into the, I don't know, I just, but it's, I think it looks nice.
Codey: It feels like a lived-in game, you know.
Codey: It's just the way to do it, man.
Kevin: Why do they also have a sheet that looks like woo-hoo in this case?
Kevin: Uh-huh.
Kevin: It's-it is.
Kevin: Um, yeah, that's-
Codey: Or rather, Wulu just looks like all sheep.
Kevin: Or that.
Kevin: Yeah, that's fair too.
Kevin: You know, sleeping in a coffin instead of bed, that's kind of fun, I don't like.
Kevin: Um, but also, uh, you know, it's cute.
Kevin: This is nice, this is Mike.
Kevin: My heart only belongs to one where we'll- sorry, sorry, I'll do a farewell.
Codey: wait who's who oh okay yep yep yep yep yep okay um I was like wait a minute what
Kevin: Um, uh, it's named from Wild Flowers.
Kevin: Raised character.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: For him is, uh, Raised Chase.
Kevin: No.
Kevin: Okay, actual human voice actor, where we'll-
Kevin: It's true.
Kevin: [Laughing]
Codey: that's true um I also just wanted to mention like I watched that the trailer that they have
Codey: and the home like really your your house that you can customize and whatever really there's a lot
Codey: you can really customize a lot there's a lot of different furniture that you can get um so that's that's
Codey: cool I don't I mean it would suck if it's all just the same thing which it very well could be but like
Kevin: - Yeah.
Codey: it's like everyone's house is gonna look like this but I I feel like maybe not uh but that's I guess
Codey: that's just based on vibes.
Kevin: And you know, one other thing which is kind of interesting like as far as I can tell there is in fact no pay like and you know I don't know if the clock is just you know inverted you know from sunset to sunrise but just a neat little thing.
Codey: Well, Kevin, what if I tell you?
Codey: It's moonlight peaks.
Codey: So it's coming on Steam, which is Windows Mac and Steam
Codey: deck, Google Play games, which is a choice.
Codey: Switch and Switch 2.
Kevin: Daria?
Codey: So there's that.
Codey: Tales of the Shire has a Switch 2 release that's
Codey: on the 25th of March.
Codey: And Al has a comment here. Do you want to read the comment?
Kevin: uh it, wait no that's the different there's now left some choice comments on a lot of these but
Kevin: um i'll see the sweet print oh well it's wait it's token reading day wait I didn't know that
Codey: Yeah, yeah
Kevin: was a day uh and he says comma so ellipses um but also I didn't know that was a day but
Kevin: that before, for, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Codey: Oh, well, I said that. I said that. So, Al says, as an Al brings interesting facts aside,
Codey: this is exactly a year after their original release date, which they didn't hit.
Kevin: ha ha oh i'm sorry I looked at the wrong thing that your comments are choice bits yeah that's a good
Codey: Yeah, and so my reaction to Al's comment is it's Tolkien reading day. So, of course,
Codey: they want to try and hit that. And for those who don't know, Tolkien reading day was organized by
Codey: society in 2003, I believe. And they chose the 25th of March because that's the date
Codey: where Sauron and Barador has tower, like, fall in the Lord of the Rings. Like, it is on...
Kevin: They used the Gregorian cannon calendar, so a load of the reeks.
Codey: I think it might be like a, like, an equivalency, you know?
Kevin: They did the math, they worked it out.
Codey: - Yeah.
Codey: Yeah, so that's that's that.
Kevin: I didn't know Lord of the Rings had a mario day from good for you Lord of the Rings fair
Codey: [laughing]
Codey: Pretty much.
Codey: Yeah, so pretty much the only word of it.
Codey: The only thing about this thing is this news
Codey: is just that it's the switch to is coming out on 25th March.
Codey: Reportedly, we'll see if they may get this year.
Codey: I don't see why they wouldn't.
Codey: Well, actually I do, because Nintendo can't.
Codey: And it can be a butt and porting things takes a lot of time, actually.
Codey: And things always come up.
Kevin: Yeah, that was far.
Codey: Yeah,
Kevin: Okay, but there you go. Go go defeat Soren by serving him T on switch to with mouse controls now
Kevin: I'm I'm lying about all these things. I don't think any of that
Codey: Well, it is not switch to that was true. That was true
Kevin: It is except that part. Yeah, that was
Kevin: You know what else is on wait? No, no wait. Is it switched towards it? Just switch one. Let me compare
Kevin: Shooting myself with my own transition here. Uh, I'm assume switch to
Codey: Uh, it's supported. So it's mostly switch one, but it is switch to compatible. It says quote game behavior is consistent with Nintendo switch.
Kevin: This point anyways
Kevin: Which means it's a switch one game you could play on your switch to
Codey: Yes.
Kevin: Japanese rural life adventure. That's literally the name of the game. I'm talking about here
Kevin: Well, okay, look, I talk about stardew, but we've I mean we talk about star sand island
Kevin: recently, but this is like
Kevin: hard hard hard on the Japanese countryside. You're on the
Kevin: in other the wooden house where you don't wear your
Kevin: shoes in and get spot in the summer and you catch all your bugs that's pretty good
Codey: out and you have a Shiba Inu.
Kevin: Yeah, I don't know what to say like you know if you watch some gibbly movies, you know what I'm talking about
Kevin: Good for you, made it out.
Codey: Yep, but
Codey: Out of apple chill
Codey: So yeah, it is out now on steam and switch
Codey: one with compatibility to you and then I just checked the steam is windows only
Codey: Yeah, that's pretty much the only comment I had was it's just starting but Japanese culture like Japanese rural culture
Kevin: Well, it is I will say like unlike a lot of other Stardew lights
Kevin: There's not a lot of emphasis or at least in this trailer on
Kevin: Specific like characters like you see the other people in the villager whatever, but you know, it doesn't look like you're romancing them
Kevin: We're gonna haven't played this game. So maybe
Codey: Well, there's that.
Kevin: play Japan.
Codey: You can also go play a grimoire soon.
Kevin: We're more groves. No, this isn't another Twilight fan fiction. Oh, must it secretly as though
Codey: No, I think this is different, Grimarc Groves is a different game and it is going to be coming out on Switch on
Kevin: Yeah, it is
Codey: March 26th, let's do the double check. This is for Nintendo Switch 1, but again, Switch 2 compatibility that game behavior is consistent. So
Codey: Switch 1 and 2, and it's gonna be $26 USD.
Kevin: has that cool art style, so that like soft almost pastel like
Codey: That's
Codey: >> Yeah, it has a really interesting argument.
Codey: I don't know how that would work with my brain.
Codey: There's a lot of mushroom stuff going on in this game.
Kevin: all the vegetables have faces as far as I can tell so I
Codey: If you don't like eating things with a face, but then the vegetables have faces.
Codey: Like if you're a vegan, you know, how would that work?
Kevin: I mean, look, look, I bet I made the decision to commitment.
Kevin: I'd eaten all this a long time ago.
Kevin: So, you know, I'm down.
Codey: I mean would you do you eat the whole thing or are you just eating like the leaf bit oh my gosh
Kevin: Oh, like, no, no, I'm going for, yeah, I've got no.
Kevin: I'm going all, no, I'm not, I'm not chickling now.
Kevin: I'm going all in.
Codey: There you go
Kevin: Harnish, garnish it up.
Codey: um okay yeah oh god I don't want to think about that
Kevin: The question I have, does the face come off when you peel it?
Codey: the next bit of news um I had a minor heart attack when I saw it um because it says the
Codey: word story of seasons and I was like oh my gosh I'll predicted that there would be a new story
Codey: of seasons game announced and released by the end of the year and is this that announcement and oh my gosh
Codey: it is not yeah so um so this is just story
Kevin: be almost at a heart attack to, I believe.
Codey: story of seasons grand buzz are which gosh really liked so that's great uh is having PlayStation 5
Codey: and Xbox s/x um release on the 20th May that's it if you've been waiting to play it
Codey: because you were wanted it on those consoles uh wait no more well wait I guess wait two more months
Kevin: Actually, you know what the new story of seasons it ported to non Nintendo consoles
Kevin: Well, either way, in May 28th, it's the day the board government for this. It could be a birth. I guess
Codey: Nice, happy early birthday, Calvin.
Codey: Now, next bit of news is light your frontier.
Codey: They have an automation update that is out now.
Codey: So this automation update includes a lot of like what you would expect in
Codey: automation, like letting like things being done for you.
Codey: and, um,
Codey: different improvements to that system and making it more flow better. There's also a jet pack where you can like float around your your place, which is nice.
Codey: Um, we love faster travel.
Kevin: Yeah, here's my problem with why you're frontier and it always kind of has been
Kevin: like every update like you know, these are nice things like the jetpack, but
Kevin: I don't think you should leave a mech just wrap it on there. Yeah, no, like it should have already been in there inside the mech
Kevin: But that's that's just me
Codey: - Yeah.
Codey: - Well, yeah, that was a mixer heavy.
Codey: They were probably had to design a couple things, you know?
Codey: Like, they got a, I don't know.
Codey: They also had, as well as content updates
Codey: to the game, they also have optimization and performance.
Codey: - Updates, excuse me.
Codey: - And so it'll run a lot smoother.
Codey: - Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Kevin: Games. No one.
Codey: >> The automation update that is out now, it comes with a sale as well.
Codey: So this game is now on sale for March 5th to the March 18th.
Codey: So by the time you're hearing this, you have fiveish days left to get it for
Codey: 40% off, which makes it $15 instead of $25.
Kevin: I hope this game hits 1.0.
Kevin: I'm sorry.
Codey: Oh yeah, by the way, this is still in earlier, I guess.
Kevin: I don't think any of us picked it for our draft for this reason.
Codey: Yeah, I specifically had it as like a do-not pick for this reason.
Codey: And then the last bit of news is about a limited event in Pocopia.
Codey: Um, so just briefly, um, and later I will ask you what your thoughts are about it.
Kevin: Yeah, well, I mean, we can discuss this concept because it's a limited time event, right? Like so, so it's it's hot, babe. You can
Codey: Yeah.
Kevin: Add hop it for it. Whether you want to call it. You can get hot, babe
Kevin: Into your counter whatever um, but it
Codey: cop it and the evolutions as well.
Kevin: Yes, the whole family. Yes
Kevin: So, but you know the tickers. It's a limited time event. What is it March 9th? Oh, well, that's today. Oh, we've got to do that
Codey: to the 24th. So yeah, today, today is a recording slash. If you are listening to this, it is
Kevin: That's it.
Kevin: 24.
Kevin: I haven't done the time of working today.
Kevin: Anyway.
Kevin: So.
Codey: available at least until the 24th of March. If you are listening to this after the 24th of
Codey: March 2026, sorry, you missed it. The FOMO is real.
Kevin: There's some items you can earn, wait, no, see.
Kevin: There's special, oh, so, okay, so,
Kevin: or fast forwarding a little.
Kevin: The recruit Pokemon, you have to build a habitat,
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: like, you know, put the pieces of grass next to each other.
Kevin: So, you have to build specific,
Kevin: and there's special items during this event
Kevin: that you have to use to create the habitats
Kevin: for the Opid family.
Kevin: So, yeah, that's how it's gonna work.
Kevin: You can also exchange
Kevin: some of them for furniture items. I don't know if those are exclusive to the event.
Kevin: But, um, that says picnic themed furniture items.
Codey: I think, I think they're themed, right?
Codey: Yeah, so I would assume that those are
Codey: only like you probably have to pay for them with the
Codey: resource that you get from this event.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, there you go. Um, the items are cute. I'll say that so check it out. I like the picnic mat
Codey: So, they didn't they didn't think they had
Codey: your their hooks in you enough.
Kevin: Well, they were dead wrong. They were dead wrong a bum. I I've been waiting to get my hit for months anyways, but yeah, so okay, so that's the event March 24th
Codey: They had to... (laughs)
Codey: [laughs]
Kevin: You need to have the Pokemon Center
Kevin: And also get the ditto rug all you have until January of next year that you don't pull mine to those they're early
Kevin: Daxes, but it's a whole year gift
Codey: Did you get it?
Kevin: I have not picked it up yet. No, I don't know where to check that except I
Kevin: Might be from the title menu which would explain why you haven't seen it
Codey: Yeah, I think there's a code, so I think it's, I'm scrolling, I'm scrolling, I'm scrolling.
Codey: You get it via the internet from the Mystery Gifts menu in your game.
Codey: So I think you just say Mystery Gift, and it's like, "Yep, there's a Mystery Gift
Codey: for you," and it's just a little rug that has a ditto on it.
Codey: Which aren't you a ditto? I would not get a rug of my face.
Kevin: Yes, you are. So, it's used a rug. You can have a doll that's a ditto.
Codey: No, that's weird, I don't want a doll.
Kevin: Oh, that's weirdness level is the bar's high in this game. Very odd, do you have to make sure?
Codey: Well, then that is a perfect transition.
Codey: Let us get into the main topic of POCOPIA.
Kevin: All right, Perby Air Riders and and Pocopia somehow came within the span of what likes six months, whatever it's it's done
Kevin: I this is all the games I need in the world the good goodbye world. I'm just living on the switch to and that's it. That's it. I'm done
Codey: [laughing]
Codey: There you go.
Kevin: Okay, what okay, where do we start? I?
Codey: Well, so yeah, like what, I guess,
Codey: what are your first impressions?
Codey: Who would you recommend this game to?
Kevin: everyone yeah okay like I okay I mean people I would assume know that my
Codey: Okay, everyone, okay, I don't call it.
Kevin: expectations were like into space like through the highest roofs and
Kevin: and everything's been met like there's a couple of nitpicks and I can't hear
Kevin: there but this is basically a flawless game and it and that's not just me like
Kevin: I don't know if you've seen but this is the highest rated game in Pokemon's
Kevin: franchise you're hit yeah yeah I already off to what is it 88 compared to my
Codey: oh darn that's so difficult and sucks so bad for for whoever chose this game for
Kevin: literally zero I don't know if he'll to mysteries that but okay but like again
Kevin: And then from second one, I knew it was going to be a dragon quest.
Kevin: Builders to with a Pokemon skin. And that's very true.
Kevin: So if you play dragon quest builders, enjoy that.
Kevin: Or if you like minecraft, I guess that's probably the other comparison point.
Kevin: It's you'll enjoy it because that's that's what this is.
Kevin: It's minecraft a lot more structure and a Pokemon paint job and story, actual story and such.
Kevin: If you're a Pokemon fan, you'll enjoy it because, you know,
Kevin: all the highs and lows of the series.
Kevin: The one thing that Pokemon has always done is the actual monster designs and, you know,
Kevin: hanging out with them. And that's all this game is, right, hanging out with your
Kevin: Pokemon buddies and building them houses and decorating their houses.
Kevin: So God, all the inject that right into my veins.
Kevin: And if you like Pokemon, or it's just for you, I promise you, it's good.
Kevin: So, yeah, it's...
Kevin: 10 out of 10 game easy for me, but let's get into it.
Kevin: So, the prime is for anyone who hasn't heard, you are...
Kevin: Hey, Ditto, you wake up in a cave with no memory of how you got there and your trainer is missing.
Kevin: You find the Pokedex, you see a picture of your trainer kind of in there.
Kevin: and so you transform to take on their appearance because you miss them so.
Kevin: And and thus begins, you know, not only the charm, but also the eldritch nightmare for fuel that is.
Codey: Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: I didn't when didn't have the guts to do it, but you can customize your appearance.
Kevin: And one of the options is you just are the the color, the purple pink color.
Kevin: You're human-shaped, but you're just a complete-
Codey: Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: blob of the human-shaped blob of the purple pink color, and it's it's horrifying. I hate it. Yeah, it's so cool. Okay, excuse me
Kevin: um, and and there's a lot of it because you know, obviously you're ghetto and you're gonna transform into stuff and I hate all of the look of it
Kevin: I hate your floppy noodle arms and your Naruto running. I don't I don't like
Kevin: I love it. I'm so happy it's in the game, but oh my gosh. It makes my skin walk
Kevin: I don't you get my choke arms and I don't like how you get pop up
Codey: [laughing]
Kevin: I'm a choka. Anyway, um, so you wake up as the dido you walk outside and you run into professor Tangroth the
Codey: Oh, gosh.
Kevin: Tangroth with do somehow is is getting white hair is because his top buttons are all white
Kevin: He has like some glasses on and a little
Kevin: He then run his head. He calls himself professor Tangroth and he is just wandering around
Kevin: Wondering where on earth all the others
Kevin: You're playing out with him, you kind of look around, and you find a squirtle on the ground.
Kevin: You wake up the squirtle, you talk a bit, and squirtle teaches you how to water grass.
Kevin: And thus begins the journey of, "Hey, let's prepare the world, maybe people and Pokemon will come back."
Kevin: And that's the premise of the game.
Kevin: You're out to try to rebuild this world to see if you can attract people and Pokemon.
Kevin: local smokers. Clearly it's a...
Kevin: I've been disrepair, you find a Pokemon center, or the, you know, almost immediately, and it's in total shambles.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Did those humans shaped and can do human instincts, so you try crafting and retaining stuff.
Kevin: And then, let's begin your journey.
Kevin: So that's the premise, and gameplay-wise, that's the focus, really.
Kevin: You're starting this area called the withered wastelands, and your job is to start making the grass-screener,
Kevin: Cleaner, start growing some flowers.
Kevin: As you do that you start meeting more Pokemon because as I as I described earlier you create they're called habitats
Kevin: You like the easiest the first one you do is
Kevin: polygraphs right four patches of tall grass together it attracts a Pokemon
Kevin: I think Charmander is in fact the one that it's like a mandatory spawn
Kevin: I'm sorry Boba store Boba store is the first one. That's a spawn. Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, no one run. Yep, Boba store
Codey: I was like wait a minute
Kevin: They all three of them show up like consummediately comfortable.
Kevin: So you do that, both of the sort of spawns and so on and so forth.
Kevin: If you put a field of flowers, you might get a combi.
Kevin: If you put a fishing rod by the water, a magic carp will pop out.
Kevin: I forget what, you do something slowpoke.
Kevin: You build these different habitats and it kind of matches the pokemon.
Kevin: Now, if it gives you hints, there's sparkles on the ground.
Kevin: It also gives you hints what to build.
Kevin: And also just through the four-year quest progression, they'll also give you ideas or like,
Kevin: "Hey, build this thing and let's see what happens."
Kevin: And so this is kind of the gameplay of your building, these things, attracting pokemon.
Kevin: And then because they're habitats, they're homes, you can improve their habitats
Kevin: or build them a proper house and you're just trying to improve what they call the environment level,
Kevin: which, you know, again, the idea of like, let's, let's restore the land.
Kevin: And to see if we can bring people and all of them are back.
Kevin: Um, okay, do you have any questions?
Codey: You have no you're you're doing good. Keep going. I guess do you do you want structure. Would you be a structure or are you just stream of consciousness?
Kevin: Okay, great
Kevin: Okay, no, no, it's fine. I'll keep going. I'm just asking to make sure, you know
Kevin: There's nothing I'm glazing over that you're curious about feel free to interrupt me whenever
Codey: Yeah, I will let you know when, uh, yeah.
Kevin: Okay
Kevin: Okay, so general like a gameplay not with that kind of premise it
Kevin: Everything's solid. I mean no
Kevin: Christ dragon quest builders Omega Force the team that worked on that it's a plus solid game dragon quest builders like there was no issues performance wise art was nice music was good all that areas over um it's parts it's pretty solid there's a few in the key things the camera it's a little finicky especially when you learn what's called rocks mash where you you know you can start demolishing rocks and blocks
Kevin: like selecting a specific block is a little finicky at times the camera a little weird about it um but not the end of the world um because you can also just break a bunch of blocks and rebuild it um anyways um but on the matter of rocks mash on there's the what they call the transform abilities right um these are your vehicle sort of gameplay mechanics and abilities that let you traverse the world and you know interact with it um the first one again is water guns
Kevin: you had a projectile vomit to make the grass green um and and all that this is a weird one so you water but the the cape of that area of effect is like a plus sign it's not a square or you know what three by three it's it's a plus sign and it makes for kind of awkward um you know when you're trying to water several patches of grass or whatever it makes it kind of awkward because you feel a little inefficient you know
Kevin: like you're just spraying out a whole bunch just to water two tiles and or if you're trying to a big area like it doesn't always line up neatly you know um so so that's that's a little awkward um uh possibly um so later on you get an ability to upgrade some of your abilities I don't think I've seen one for water gun yet um so I don't know it I had it's possible um I just may not have found that upgrade yet um
Codey: - No.
Codey: - Can you like modify that at all?
Codey: Okay
Codey: Because yeah, if that if that is like that forever, that would be really annoying
Kevin: but obviously super biased but I mean I get used to it's not the end of the world um but like I said there might be an upgrade later but honestly even if it is it's pretty late game uh oh you know what that's a good point um I should for people listening I have restored four pokemon centers which a lot of people listening may think is insane
Codey: Mm-hmm
Kevin: lot um I have huffed it through the game um not intentionally I'm just I just need more pokemon more so I'm just playing more and more
Codey: [laughing]
Codey: So is that, are they all in like a similar area
Codey: or are they in like different,
Kevin: No, okay. So yeah, um, okay. So I'm trying I'm going to be delicate spoilers as I can, but you know people have played a little so I will be a little gentle, but so the first area is called the withered wastelands. It's your basic green area. So when you see in the trailers.
Kevin: Um, after you complete it and I'm going to talk about this because I think I've seen some of the reviews mentioned it. Um, you actually get access to two areas. Um, you you can go left or right basically and you can go whatever order you can go between the.
Kevin: Um, you unlock a big area and like a Rocky Mountain area. Um, and each of these areas has their own Pokemon Center. Um, and the gameplay loop is kind of the same you enter the new area start building habitats Pokemon come. They teach you abilities you unlock, you know, new recipes and you start exploring and and you, uh, and you're working on restoring the environment level.
Kevin: the main quest, um,
Kevin: much like Dragon Quest Builders are rarely focused and very like, um, linear and, and like, they're not difficult. They, you know, they make it pretty easy for you to progress, um, if you want to, as evidence by how much I've done.
Kevin: Um, but the areas themselves are, in fact, quite large. Um, I would say, probably if you only focus on the main quest and the area tells you about you,
Kevin: I'll be able to see about 25 percent of the actual in time.
Kevin: And it's not counting you know digging holes or caves or whatever.
Kevin: So they're fairly sizable and a lot of it is just off the beaten path, cool stuff you could find.
Kevin: And like I said, as you go to the different areas, you unlock different abilities and ideas and mechanics.
Kevin: For instance, in the rocky area, that's where you unlock the booking ability.
Kevin: You meet Chef Dente, the Greetan.
Kevin: And that's where you get your temporary upgrades for your abilities.
Kevin: Let's see, I'm trying to think.
Kevin: I mentioned water gun, rock smash, there's a plot, again, but sort of a basic one.
Codey: So the ones they mentioned on the website are "Leafage".
Kevin: That's another one.
Kevin: You basically pull grass out of the ground. That's how you make like a patch of progress.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Oh, cool.
Codey: They also mentioned "Serve".
Kevin: Yep, surf you get in the beach area. You learn from lapris. That's one things as a ditto
Kevin: You can't swim so you're very very basic like hopping basically in water
Kevin: But you have very limited capabilities to maneuver in water
Kevin: So surf is just literally transforming to lapris with the ditto face and move around on water. That's it
Codey: Yeah, and then glide. I'm assuming you transform into dragon there. Is that what it was dragon night. Sorry. You're right.
Kevin: Yeah, yep
Kevin: Gregonite with the
Kevin: The big yellow one is the right.
Kevin: And this is actually fairly late in the game.
Kevin: And it's a useful ability because being able to glide in these big areas is quite nice.
Kevin: But so, like, personally, even though like, you know, there's the game gobbler thing or whatever.
Kevin: And I don't think I was necessary.
Kevin: I mean, yes, I was assuming insane amounts of hours of COVID, but there's definitely a sensible decision to try to focus on the story and clear a lot of the main quests.
Kevin: Because you unlock so many of these abilities and different types of blocks and stuff like that, right?
Kevin: Because, you know, each biome has their own resources and things you can crack.
Kevin: Like in the Rocky Mountain area, that's where you get your oars and you can learn how to smell them and stuff like that.
Kevin: So, personally, I think it's, you know, there's even more insane people who've built, you know, the, like, the rig.
Kevin: I literally saw today, like, someone just built a giant statue of Arceus and, you know, or made the Utopic Paradise Towns already.
Kevin: So, you know, you can do that if you want, but like, I like my style in these sorts of games is like, I like to have all my options, if you will, right?
Kevin: Right, like when I want to build a house, I want all the resources I can have early
Kevin: and as much as I can to make it look nicer how I want it to. So that's why I was out and about exploring and trying to find new stuff.
Codey: So you've mentioned quests, so I'm assuming some of the quests are like to rebuild the
Codey: focus on her or whatever, but also like are there quests for the other Pokemon?
Kevin: Yeah, there are yeah, there are I guess you call them side quests and usually it's a individual Pokemon approaching you
Kevin: And usually something small. It'll be like hey, can you build me a house? Can you what this sort of item in my habitat?
Kevin: That's usually what it centers around just kind of building up their homes
Kevin: There are a few exceptions
Kevin: Like you meets his name is smear guru. He's a smear goal
Kevin: He's the one who teaches you how to paint.
Kevin: and then customize blocks and items.
Kevin: So he'll give you some less than aren't mandatory,
Kevin: but we'll unlock stuff like that.
Kevin: Some of the transform abilities that we weren't mentioned
Kevin: in the preview, and I won't mention,
Kevin: but there's some fun transform abilities
Kevin: that you learn from doing side quests
Kevin: from a certain Pokemon.
Kevin: So a lot of them are fairly valuable.
Codey: The next comment that I had was about the music or the in-game sounds, how are those?
Kevin: But yeah, that's, let's see here.
Kevin: I'm just thinking, um,
Kevin: Okay. Yeah, all right. Yeah. This is a good topic. So the game was made with a lot of love, not just
Kevin: for Canto because there is a lot of Canto focus in this game. But for the series as a whole,
Kevin: the music is excellent. Just quality, excellent remixes of a lot of Canto themes.
Kevin: But one of the things that revealed was DJ Rotom, you can unlock CDs and play music.
Kevin: around on different pieces of furniture and whatnot. And they have music throughout the entire
Kevin: franchise. Like I found the Aether Paradise music from Sun and Moon on a CD. So yeah, they're just
Kevin: just your best hits list and the native music to the game is also fantastic and quality.
Kevin: It's nostalgic, but also really nice. Um, yeah. Um,
Codey: Mm-hmm, I've be found lavender town yet.
Kevin: I have not felt like.
Codey: That's that's what I would want though that the the like getting the different music it gives me like animal crossing KK slider vibes
Kevin: Yeah, you know
Codey: Like I was always trying to find KK slider and get
Kevin: We got
Codey: KK metal and still cupcakes still cupcakes in my favorite
Kevin: DJ KK was always my first one. I go for KK
Codey: I don't want to mention it.
Kevin: But um, yeah, um, actually, you know what this is probably a good segue to one of mine
Kevin: I guess I would say come to it's not an outright complaint
Kevin: It's this is probably a me thing because I'm a voracious
Kevin: needy person who needs it now now now. The CDs are primarily found through
Codey: Okay
Kevin: random luck. As you walk around the land you'll see basically blocks that are
Kevin: glowing and when you break the block there'll be some kind of item inside. It can
Kevin: be a CD, it can be a special piece of furniture, it can be a recipe for you to
Kevin: craft yourself. So there's a lot of random chance in getting a lot of these
Kevin: items and there's only a limited amount
Kevin: of the shiny blocks per day so you know they're kind of drip
Kevin: painting you a lot of the items and recipes right I mean they still give you a
Kevin: solid foundation through the main quest they give you and you know your basic
Kevin: wood walls your concrete wall and types of flooring and roofing um but like even just in all the
Kevin: abandoned buildings and stuff you see like they're so much more than that you can get and
Kevin: A lot of it is kind of up to chance.
Kevin: They do a few things to mitigate it.
Kevin: I guess light spoilers for people who, once you rebuild a Pokemon Center, you get a couple
Kevin: of things inside it.
Kevin: And one of them is like a 3D printer.
Kevin: Basically, you can take something and make a copy of it, but I think it has like a limited
Codey: Oh
Kevin: use, like per day or an amount or something like that.
Kevin: So you know, it's not like perfect answer to everything, but it helps.
Kevin: You know, at the same time like this game was, I think, very much designed to kind of take
Kevin: it slow.
Kevin: One of the other things that kind of reinforces that is that a lot of the quests are like building
Kevin: quests.
Kevin: Like, yeah, let's rebuild, yeah, rebuild the Pokemon Center.
Kevin: You, when you do that, it takes real world time for that to get completed.
Kevin: Some buildings will be done in…
Kevin: 15 minutes, some take an hour, some like the Pokemon Center, some of the bigger items will be completed, not 24 hours, but the next calendar day, the clock resets, I think like at 5am, and so that's when the Pokemon Center will finish or whatever.
Codey: Okay, so the game has like is real time-based kind of like animal crossing
Kevin: Yeah, yeah it certainly is, and a lot of other things to minor things like when you're processing materials, you can ask about it.
Kevin: So I have these logs, can you cut them into lumber for me, or can you melt this clay into bricks and so on, and that is also a real-time-based.
Kevin: So yeah, and the environment, day, night cycle is real-time-based as well, which is unfortunate because when I'm playing it 4am and all my Pokemon are sleeping, wake up, guys, I want to play, I want to play.
Codey: Mm-hmm
Kevin: Oh my, need you to cook this for me, but there's nothing.
Codey: Yeah
Kevin: You know, punishment for doing that, but it's just money, you know, if you play late, iron will be, or a lot of Pokemon will be sleeping.
Kevin: Not all of them, you know, some Pokemon are not Turner, but it is a real-time-based night day calendar system.
Kevin: Yeah, let's see here.
Codey: cool. So you've also mentioned that the Pokemon talked to you. What are your
Codey: thoughts on the text and the dialogue they have? And do you have a favorite so far?
Kevin: Mmm, so I think it's quality
Kevin: Dragon Quest builders again, I'm looking at the the template I'm solid writing overall and then that carried over
Kevin: A lot of Pokemon use the word yo the accent their sentences a lot of them
Codey: Mm-hmm
Kevin: It's it's a little concerning how much we see it, but overall. It's it's pretty solid
Kevin: Some Pokemon definitely, you know, you can see a personality through if they're how they're speaking
Kevin: Like chef dente is is actually a female gradient and refers to people by year and sweetie in such a way
Kevin: There is a I won't pull up her people, but there's a
Kevin: Pacific encounter in when you complete one of the main quests in in the weather and was wastelands
Kevin: It is a let's say a very notable Pokemon
Kevin: A notable Pokemon a large one, and it's just funny because they play his dialogue as like
Kevin: a old southern guy like log born leg born
Codey: You can type who it is, and do they have voice, is it voice acted or is it just the way
Kevin: Just very funny unit you you want me to type who it is
Kevin: Yeah, I'll type it to you
Kevin: They have the Pokemon cries
Codey: the language is written, okay.
Kevin: But there's no like
Kevin: verbal spoken stuff
Kevin: But
Kevin: But yeah, they're in the different Pokemon
Kevin: The species kind of reflect on their personality or what you'd think of, right? Like you meet a mouth and they're very like let's say
Codey: Okay.
Kevin: But
Kevin: Yeah, professor Teng growth because you interact with he follows you around you know
Kevin: He goes to different cities because he's kind of when you're like Maine and PCs
Kevin: He's quite entertaining because he's professor Teng growth and he's somewhat knowledgeable of things about things
Kevin: But he's also very unknowledgeable about things and just kind of makes it up as he goes
Kevin: It's
Codey: That's what it's like to be a professor, y'all.
Kevin: He's trying his best he presumes a lot of things
Codey: I can speak as someone with a PhD.
Codey: There's a lot of times when people ask me questions.
Codey: Like if someone just asks me a naive question
Codey: about like a pest's, pest's stuff,
Codey: I might just make it up based on my, what I think.
Kevin: [laughter]
Codey: I mean, I'll usually preface it with like,
Codey: I'm not, like, that's not really what I studied.
Codey: But, and, you know, with, I'll try and make an educated guess, but, like, yeah, we just kind of
Codey: make stuff up.
Codey: You kind of had a point where it's like, but it doesn't matter.
Codey: As long as you're not, like, when you're talking to other scientists or, like, writing papers,
Codey: yeah, it matters.
Codey: But if you're just, like, talking to people in the general, like, your family or friends
Codey: or just, like, a rando, like, it's not a huge deal if you're a little off, as long as you
Codey: it, right?
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. So, well, there you go. Professor Tango, the accurate.
Codey: Sweet.
Codey: Yeah, I saw that, uh, one of, I saw this, like, post about how fans are losing it over the
Codey: dialogue.
Codey: And I saw, like, a couple of the "yo" that you were talking about.
Codey: Oh, actually, but I also, yeah, madam cross-yo, um, but I also saw that, uh, another
Kevin: Magic Carps. Magic Carps, yo.
Codey: other Pokémon comes up.
Codey: They also, another one that was online that made me laugh was like a cubone and I think
Kevin: Yup, I don't think I saw that one, but
Kevin: But that's yeah, that one can't be my surprise to when I saw it on
Codey: he says something like mom would have liked to hear and then he just like lays down in front
Kevin: Yeah
Codey: of a great show.
Kevin: So two bones habitat to summon him you have to find a grave stone put flowers around it and
Codey: [Laughs]
Kevin: When he spawns that's what it says like oh, it's place is nice mom would have loved it
Codey: Mom would have liked it.
Codey: Carter!
Codey: That is wild.
Kevin: Oh, yeah, this game this game is wild
Kevin: Like it holds no it holds nothing back
Kevin: Again, Dragon Quest Builders went places, and this game does too.
Kevin: Vobie will, I guess, because it has its own illuminated butt, and has somewhat of an interest in butts, including the human butt.
Kevin: Oh, you're human. Interesting. You're making the human butt there, I see.
Codey: that makes sense I guess it will be has like is like a firefly or something like
Kevin: Yeah, I guess. Yeah, yeah.
Codey: yeah you'd be interested in butts like in what what kind of illumination is
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Codey: coming out of others butts that is a while take though
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: But, of course, the wildest things really are, let's say, not even the dialogue or the story, but the environment, let's say, because this world is in ruin, and small spoilers, these are places that Pokemon fans would probably know.
Kevin: If you go through, you'll find abandoned notes, journals, computers, things like that that gives, you know, breadcrumbs to what's going on.
Kevin: Or what's happened. Sometimes some places, like, you know, some notes saying very clearly all this, this was this place or whatever.
Kevin: And I don't have the full picture, I still need a few puzzle pieces, but I will say the underlying story going on is, is Eldritch Horror Nightmare Fuel, I am not comfortable thinking about.
Codey: [laughing]
Kevin: They went places Pokemon dared would never
Kevin: There to go. Oh.
Codey: Oh my gosh.
Codey: - That kind of, that and then the dialogue part
Codey: is giving me Disney Dream might value that.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, you're right. You're right. I forgot about that because Disney Dreamlight Valley does the whole like
Kevin: Crazy nonsense about the player character and then like all the memories and all that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That that's probably a decent comparison
Codey: Yeah, basically, like, yeah, Disney Journal have Ali had some feelings and the story is
Kevin: Mm-hmm
Codey: really driven by a lot of those feelings.
Codey: Oh my gosh.
Codey: And then the lady in the tramp update, I've been playing it.
Codey: They've got me hooked, but also, I've played a little bit of it, but not a ton, but also
Codey: So I'm like worried because they...
Codey: You save Lady and Tramp, but then there's like another force that's like around and
Codey: they're not entirely sure who it is or what it is.
Codey: But like you as a player kind of remember and so it's like it's almost like you had a dog
Codey: growing up because it's a dog like definitely a dog and I don't think it's scam.
Codey: Like I think it's like legitimately like you get to make your own dog or something.
Kevin: Oh goodness.
Codey: But it's like... but it's...
Codey: It's like oh, this... this force really like loves you and oh, here's there was a collar in this
Codey: Like, do you recognize this and like you kind of do recognize it, but not a hundo. Oh
Codey: I can't do dogs, um
Kevin: Oh, one of the, yeah, one of the, one of the moments that got me that one of the NPCs,
Codey: But yeah, so they have there's definitely some feelings
Kevin: I won't say which one, so people can find out, but one of the NPCs, they make men because
Kevin: a lot of handful of these Pokemon and NPCs talk about interacting with people, like they
Kevin: all know the humans, but they obviously they don't understand like how the human world machinery
Kevin: I mean, things like that work, right?
Kevin: Like they're kind of figuring it out themselves.
Codey: Right.
Kevin: One of the big ones, nobody can read.
Kevin: Like there's rentals and stuff all over, but you the player can, but you know,
Kevin: all none of the characters understand anything being written or whatever.
Kevin: So anyway, so one of the NPCs talks about their human partner, their buddy,
Kevin: does they call them, and you know, interacting with them, and then there's some sweet stuff.
Kevin: At one point, I find a page, a little letter, whatever, talking about from
Kevin: humans perspective about this NPC, and you find out like an NPC even gave this Pokemon
Kevin: a nickname, and I just write through the heart when you write how they had a nickname,
Kevin: and like this, this, you know, this thing that they were doing, and what they were trying
Kevin: to do with this Pokemon, oh my god, that was uncalled for.
Kevin: I only really like the NPC, but, and the NPC, again, they can't read the letter.
Kevin: that's just for you, the player. So you're just...
Kevin: like there's this heart-wrenching moment that the characters can't understand at all and all my...
Codey: I can only see that getting worse.
Codey: Like 'cause some of the Pokemon have some pretty freaking tragic.
Codey: Like, I mean, Cubone is an example of like,
Codey: like just right through the heart.
Codey: But then what about like some of these dog ones?
Codey: Like, there's some potential for some heartbreak
Kevin: Yeah. It is. Yeah. And it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, and like I said, the, the underlying, you know,
Codey: and he's getting that game.
Kevin: question of what happened to like, oh, there's, there's a meat there. Um, yeah. No, I, I will,
Kevin: I will not do it as the post credit scene, but because I'm sure I'll be even out doesn't want
Kevin: and no right now, but, um, there, there, there, there's place.
Kevin: It goes places. Um, well, like I said, even just the environment, like, like I said, you, you can walk around and explore and find stuff that you wouldn't know. Um,
Kevin: spoiler for people, but in the rocky area, I found a building basically buried, um, or for reasons and building is the coolest thing in the game.
Kevin: I love it and also oh my good heavens is
Kevin: a horrifying thought what happened here and and stuff
Codey: Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: frequent theme in this game all mix of horror and amazement and love
Kevin: yeah but yeah so that there there's plenty of that and yeah so it
Codey: So more finishing up like the crafting and creating side of things so you can build things.
Kevin: yeah
Codey: Are you building like is it tell you what to build or is it pretty free form?
Kevin: Is fair, okay, so the habitats are probably the like most like okay, this if you want this to be a habitat you need this list of items in this space
Kevin: To generate the Pokemon after that
Kevin: How it works is like let's use Charmander Charmander likes an in a house or habitat that it has you know is warm and dry because I don't want to get wet, right?
Kevin: So you a Charmander will tell you that hey, I like this kind of you know warm
Kevin: Dry things can you add a campfire near my habitat
Kevin: so it it guides you and
Kevin: Technically to raise the environment level. You should be doing these items
Kevin: But it's pretty free form
Kevin: And then to go to a house a proper house not just natural grass. There's two ways you can do it
Kevin: They sell they have these things called
Kevin: Which are like you you pop down a pot of land and
Kevin: A something there's a few different kids. It's mostly houses, but sometimes there's like big statues and stuff like that
Kevin: You gather materials put them in a basket and you bring Pokemon to start working on this kit
Kevin: So like that house kit is very basic one after you you gather the materials bring a couple of Pokemon and
Kevin: Then after an hour or 30 minutes or whatever a house will pop them and then you know like the first house is like a little grass hut basically
Kevin: you can enter it and then you can have a Pokemon move.
Kevin: And so this is like a pre-built thing.
Kevin: And you can decorate the inside of the little hut however you want.
Kevin: Or however the Pokemon wants.
Kevin: I think you need like three pieces of furniture for it to count as a house proper.
Kevin: But otherwise it's pretty free form what you want to do.
Codey: Mm-hmm
Kevin: Now you can go even a step further.
Kevin: And if you build basically just a square of blocks and a door,
Kevin: or walls and a door, it counts as a house.
Kevin: You can make that different shapes and sizes.
Kevin: And you can decorate that even further however you want.
Kevin: You can make the walls different periods of flooring.
Kevin: And if it's big enough you can actually have multiple Pokemon living inside one house together.
Codey: Do you assign them the house or do they kind of just move in on their own?
Kevin: So yes, you assign them the house.
Kevin: So when they spawn at the habitat, like that's technically their house first.
Kevin: But when you build a house you assign them.
Kevin: you can bring them wherever.
Kevin: And so, of course, when, you know, when I built one of the bigger houses, like the bigger housing kits, I made sure Heracross and Pincer lived there, so they could spat and fight, because they don't like each other very much, and it's very funny to see that.
Codey: I was going to say, do they have, so they do have antagonistic relationships to each other?
Kevin: Yes, depending on the Pokemon they can, absolutely. Like Pincer and Heracross will argue over their horns and fight.
Kevin: And hit him on land, or hit him on land, hit him on Chan. They're not antagonistic, but they love to fight, so they will spar each other all the time.
Kevin: So, yeah, Pokemon will interact in certain ways.
Kevin: And sometimes you can even catch conversations between Pokemon, and which just feel the personality, like I said, the Heracross Pincer one very entertaining.
Kevin: You can talk, you know, one, oh my gosh, nightmare fuel, Bulbasaur and Paris can try.
Kevin: And Paris is talking about how it's always hungry, and Bulbasaur is like, oh, that means your mushrooms are going to get bigger and grow and bloom.
Kevin: And like, yeah, and you can't wait to see what that looks like.
Codey: That's so sad.
Kevin: It's so bad. It's so bad. Yeah, it's rough.
Kevin: So, yeah, so that's the house, again, lots of customization. Yeah.
Codey: Okay, that's cool. Okay. Mm-hmm.
Kevin: Oh, you know, actually one side tangent. So resources, I'm going to talk about resources for just a second, because there's two things. One, obviously your break stuff, you gather stuff from all over the place, but there's also what's called dream islands.
Kevin: You can take you to an island of just free resources, basically. Once a day, you can only go to one island today, but you can go there and you know, if there's a rare resource or maybe there's an area that you like in the world and you want to break it.
Kevin: Well, you can go to the dream island and get those resources there. So that's a nice little touch to add a whole bunch of resources, right? Like there's what limestone becomes a very important resource later in the game. Well, I finally found the limestone island and grab like 200 pieces of limestone.
Kevin: So that's nice. But this leads into one of the other big problems of the game, the storage issue.
Kevin: So it's basically the minecraft system. You build chess, you store style.
Kevin: big chest. There's some extra story. Um, there's a lot of stuff in this game,
Kevin: right? Materials, items, et cetera. Um, so these chest built really fixed. Um,
Kevin: you can upgrade your own personal inventory by a good bit. And it's big and
Kevin: sizable, but it's still on a store. So you need, well, here's the problem. Like I
Kevin: said, there's different areas. Um, and as you go through them, you basically go
Kevin: through a loading screen, like the completely separate areas. Uh, you can, uh, if you
Kevin: You're a home for Ditto because you can build Ditto a home.
Kevin: In these areas, you can warp to these homes, which makes it a little easier.
Kevin: But the storage, here's the problem.
Kevin: Again, if it's minecraft-like minecraft style, you oops, I left everything back in the other town.
Kevin: I have to go back to go find it, or where on earth did I store that one piece of furniture, right?
Kevin: Like, there's no unified storage system across the different islands or anything, or areas.
Kevin: And so, that's a pain.
Codey: Which Pokemon would make another chess?
Kevin: Heh, heh, heh.
Kevin: Um...
Codey: I wonder if you'd get that during Christmas with the...
Kevin: Whoopa.
Kevin: Heh, heh, heh, heh.
Codey: Deliberd. Deliberd.
Kevin: Mm!
Kevin: I like that.
Kevin: Where's the Delaware Delivery Service?
Kevin: I ask it to go fetch stuff from another chest, yeah?
Kevin: Heh, heh, heh, that's good, I like that.
Kevin: Um, so, yeah.
Kevin: Um, that's, uh, yeah, that's, that's, that's probably one of the biggest complaints people have and understandably so, like...
Kevin: That's kind of annoying to have to go between the different...
Kevin: areas to get the stuff you need, Ermaan.
Kevin: But, yep, right, exactly, build a rail you cowards.
Codey: We've been doing that in Minecraft for years.
Codey: Yeah.
Kevin: But yeah, I think that kind of covers the gist of all the crafting and all that.
Codey: Yeah, the only other thing that I had notes on is other NPCs that are in the like the Arab note it mentioned online
Codey: So I don't know if you want me to say them or if you just want to read them
Codey: I don't know if any of them are like
Codey: Spoiler I mean they were they were on the website of for pro copia. So I don't think it's too spoilery, but
Kevin: - Mmhmm.
Kevin: - Yeah, they're not too spoilier.
Kevin: I'll say the NPCs I think are pretty good overall.
Codey: Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm.
Kevin: Like they have personalities or points of interest.
Kevin: - If you chew, okay, like minor spoiler,
Kevin: it's not a ghost.
Kevin: It's pale because it shared all of its electricity
Kevin: with its friends and siblings.
Kevin: - It's out of juice.
Kevin: It can no longer generate.
Codey: Oh my gosh!
Kevin: electricity it like self sacrifice its ability to make electricity to save its friends and family
Kevin: Pikachu is it's I'm actually put this so like Pikachu, you know, the mask got had we you know
Kevin: We all have an idea of that personality that they cultivate right like it's it's it's brash kind of an union on and then
Kevin: Tough or whatever you get you is a very like dignified and proper
Kevin: - We heart Pokemon, it just wrecks you when you find out.
Kevin: It's pale and it does its best to help everyone even when it's out of juice.
Codey: Yeah, the cautionary tale of overfilling your cup.
Kevin: basically yeah um you know um so some of these NPCs have like not post game but later
Kevin: late game quests for some of the additional stuff um Pikachu has a great one that i'm working on
Codey: Mm-hmm
Codey: Okay
Kevin: they can't wait to see what happens when they finish it but um yeah uh moss lacks okay so I thought
Codey: Sweet
Kevin: moss lacks was the size of a mountain it's not it's a regular slice of not lacks it's just an
Kevin: cave that looked and it looked big but it's covered in moss because it's been sleeping that long
Kevin: um and and yeah that that's kind of it um it's it's interesting because it's not explicit but
Codey: Did same
Kevin: so let me say this snorlax out of or moss lacks excuse me out of all the pokemon has probably the most
Kevin: memories of of stuff because here here's the thing all the pokemon you find in meat they basically
Kevin: I'll have amnesian, nobody can remember how they got there.
Codey: This need to be my valley.
Kevin: Mosslex has some memories beforehand.
Kevin: I don't know the full story of Mosslex.
Kevin: I'm interested to see some of it, but Mosslex is interesting.
Kevin: Mosslex is more of an objective if you're trying to wake it up.
Kevin: But yeah, but it does have some interesting lore that I'm in.
Codey: Of course, as is tradition for store likes.
Kevin: We would love to learn more about, but.
Kevin: Well, yeah, so that's that's the crew.
Kevin: I will say my favorite NPC is actually not on this list.
Kevin: It is one you meet later and.
Codey: Okay
Kevin: Oh, it's it's just Jeff's kiss a root like it has a gameplay mechanic.
Kevin: It's it's the Pokemon picked for it.
Kevin: What it does. It's oh, it's amazing.
Kevin: Oh, so yeah, no.
Codey: Okay, maybe you can create a, well,
Kevin: Here, do you want me to text it? I thought you can type it to you, 'cause...
Kevin: I don't want to... Well, it's... Hey, I'm on the slack, DM me. (laughs)
Codey: well, you can type it to me,
Codey: but I'm just like trying to think of if listeners
Codey: wanna talk to you about it.
Codey: Yeah, DM will probably try and keep things
Codey: as spoiler-free as possible for folks
Codey: that might not play right away,
Codey: but people might be interested.
Kevin: Anyways, but yeah, that lasts NPC wonderful. I adore that last one. I think a lot of people will love that last one too, and they meet it
Codey: [laughing]
Kevin: But anyways, but but yeah, so that's I'm trying to think care. I've been talking to my own miniatures like I love this game
Kevin: I had you know what I have not even touched pallet town. So there's an area called pallet town
Kevin: T-A-L-L-E-T.
Kevin: Like they properly spelled palette. Like an art palette. No. No. It's not palette town. And I bring it up because I think they show it off on the like a tree house or something. It was in the pre-release material. So, Palette town, your sandbox.
Codey: Yeah, okay. Is that where smear guru is? Oh
Kevin: It's like it's a very open area and you can kind of bring almost anything you want in there. And it's the rest of your spaces.
Kevin: You don't need a few Pokemon in there. I don't need to fill it up. But that's really your, here's your blank canvas sandbox area. And I haven't even touched it. Like I entered it. But I can turn back.
Kevin: Now if I got, I'll get to this one and I have more. So, you know, that's where insane things are going to happen on the internet there.
Codey: So, okay, is that where people are going to like build things and, okay.
Kevin: That's where people will build, you know, scale, love and policy and or whatever. Yeah, no, I mean, you can...
Kevin: I can do that still pretty easily in the other areas. Well, like that's like empty. Like it's a blank canvas basically. So, that's, that's for you to really play around with. Yeah, so we got that. Yeah, there's, there's so much charm and love into this game. You know, obviously I haven't done multiplayer, but it looks very fun. The prop hunt thing is pretty good. It's pretty good. You see that at all? Do you know what I'm talking about?
Codey: So I've seen prop hunt in like shooters. Is it basically the same thing?
Kevin: They call it hide and sneak
Kevin: You can actually do it as a mini game with some of the Pokemon. They'll ask you sometimes
Kevin: You you are trying to reach like a base like hit a touch of base point without the Pokemon finding you
Kevin: And you do it by transforming into you know different objects and kind of sliding your way to the base point
Kevin: So it's you know, it's not that the Pokemon's not terribly hard, but like you can blend in pretty well
Kevin: If you did this with all their people like it might actually be hard to find you if you do it, right?
Codey: [laughs]
Kevin: Which is
Codey: Are you able to choose what you change into?
Kevin: Yeah, basically walk a next to an object and you just transform into it. Yeah
Kevin: So that's pretty good
Kevin: Yeah, it's great recall in their part, but yeah, and obviously like I said, there's a lot of more spoilery stuff a lot of
Kevin: All stuff
Kevin: I, again, a lot of these environments that you do run around and discover very, very close.
Codey: Well, and clearly, like, especially with things like these limited time events, they have,
Codey: you know, the world is their oyster here, right?
Codey: Like, they can -- they're so much that can be done and can be added and events that can
Kevin: Yeah.
Codey: be created and, I guess, other than inviting new Pokémon or whatever, like what other
Codey: other things, I guess, and other than the added new furniture.
Codey: That you can get in this first event. Can you like foresee or guess it other possible things that could come in the future?
Kevin: I not only do I hope for it. I think they can add more areas
Kevin: Like these are our sizable areas. They're good stuff, but there are places. I want to see
Kevin: Oh, you know what? I'm I'm gonna
Kevin: Reverse spoil because it's something not in the game. I guess like I'm just gonna
Kevin: Just kill the hope for anyone who you know, just kill the hope for anyone
Codey: Okay.
Kevin: Lavender town is not in the game
Kevin: like
Kevin: the house. I'm not a fan of my mind. I want to, I, I, I fear like I thought that was like one of the most obvious ones rebuild you know the tower or whatever right. We don't have it like I feel like they need to add lavender town as an area.
Codey: Yeah, it's probably I would if I would guess they'd probably really sit around Halloween, right?
Kevin: If or something. I don't know but like I think there is room for expansions
Kevin: Even story wise just off the direction. I'm seeing there's there's probably room for story expansion
Kevin: Yeah, there's there are places they can go and stuff they could do
Kevin: Right because like these little events in there and though I imagine they'll do them for all the holidays
Kevin: we'll get, I don't know, pumpkin boob for Halloween, we'll get deli bird for Christmas.
Kevin: You know, stuff like that, you know, that's, that's nice and all, but and especially with how this game has been selling out everywhere, whatever, I think there's a legitimate case for like, you know, maybe pay deals here, whatever for new areas, because there's, there's, there's stuff we could say like, you should see lavender, you know, this is a point blank.
Kevin: Um, yeah, so, you know, fingers crossed because I, I even just...
Kevin: like, ingested so much PCOPIA, and I've still scratched the surface and I'm, you know what, I'm down for another 10 times what I've done. Um, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's the game.
Kevin: We're familiar with Avatar Syndrome that, that phrase, Avatar Syndrome.
Codey: Uh, no.
Kevin: So it was a, a charm, quote unquote, people came that came up of, of people just being so despondent that advocates like James Cameron's Avatar.
Codey: Okay, got it.
Kevin: Can be novie in that world. That, that's me with PCOPIA, I have PCOPIA syndrome. Why if I, not more PCOPIA.
Kevin: Um, anyways, so, yeah, I just, I'm, I'm, I'm all my gosh, I'm so down for an expansion deal. So like, I, games on a week old and I'm ready for it, but, um, I'm just saying like, there's room.
Kevin: Uhm, so we'll see, but I mean the base game what we have already is is
Kevin: Perfection like I said a flaw here. They're storges and great
Kevin: So hammer is a little finicky
Codey: Well, they can't, it can't be perfect right away because then later when they like add the
Codey: nether chests or whatever, right? Like, I guess when you craft, when you craft, you have to have
Kevin: That's when they add the real flags
Codey: the thing in your inventory or can it be in any of your chests?
Kevin: you can put it in a chest neck to the workstation anything in that chest
Kevin: specifically you can access um if it's not in your inventory so but it's only
Codey: Got it.
Kevin: like limited to I think just one chest um I think um but um yeah like I
Kevin: said your personal inventory gets big enough work I'm just
Kevin: circumventing what um it's still uh it's still a little annoying because
Kevin: like I store a lot of my stuff in the near the starting area but you know
Kevin: traveling between all these places yeah okay um
Codey: right well cool any final final thoughts uh who would you not recommend this to
Kevin: yeah perhaps I think
Kevin: you better uh
Kevin: well I mean people don't have face oh I mean it's like
Kevin: oh rare do I see a game well I'd say so rare it's happened twice in the
Kevin: past six months for me but like I see a game on-site like my
Kevin: my expectations.
Kevin: so high and like this sweat has to be and it comes up exactly what I want to do or not better.
Kevin: So, Pocopia is like, I mean, you know, there's a lot of highs in those in the Pokemon franchise, like there's certain moments I think about and stuff I really enjoyed, but as a whole, yeah, I think this is the best game that has Pokemon in the name, like here he is, like it's awesome.
Codey: That's some high praise!
Kevin: Yeah, and all it took was to, you know, Omega Force also makes the Hyrule Warrior games, like the Nintendo spinner games.
Kevin: So, I'm just saying, you know, if Pokemon Warriors came out, yeah, yeah, I'd be done.
Codey: [laughing]
Kevin: It's not going to be this good because this is a different level, but yeah, I try it.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: [laughing]
Kevin: Oh, you know what, that's a tiny-
Codey: Okay.
Kevin: little note, no combat in, you know, the battlefield.
Codey: Well, so just for Pokémon on their own,
Codey: like what's the point battling?
Kevin: I mean unless you're haircrossing pincer. Yeah, I guess so
Codey: Yeah, unless you like to fight,
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, but yeah, there you go. I mean I mean it's just yeah. Oh, I just got perfect. I love it. It's so much
Codey: [laughing]
Kevin: I'm not playing right. I hit the go-to-work. It's one player
Codey: Okay, well, I can let you go so you can play it.
Codey: We can wrap up.
Codey: Do you have anything to share with the audience
Codey: to plug?
Kevin: The only thing I have to say is, "Let's get here!"
Kevin: People, people know that means.
Kevin: And they play, people go, "Um, no, I got nothing else, but I have a view."
Codey: Okay.
Codey: I, um, I don't plug much, I guess I'm on Instagram still.
Codey: Hiking beagle beagle.
Codey: [gasping]
Codey: Beagle?
Codey: Um, I'm considering changing it.
Codey: So, you know, I, it was hiking, hiking beagle.
Kevin: doctor, professor hiking beetle.
Codey: Beagle, well, no, um, because it was hiking beagle
Codey: because of my, my boy, my, uh, dog who passed.
Kevin: Yeah
Codey: So, and I've been going by bug catcher Cody,
Codey: in a lot of places.
Codey: So, I'm wondering about changing it to something like that.
Codey: But also, I'm like getting to the point where I'm like,
Codey: I need to have a more professional, whatever.
Codey: And so, yeah, I need to think about it.
Codey: Though it is my personal,
Codey: I might just need to make a private, honestly.
Codey: But yeah, for now, it is still hiking beagle.
Kevin: We look forward to see you transform elements or something else.
Codey: Hm.
Kevin: Actually, actually it's a side little thing.
Kevin: You can find different outfits for your ditto, including a lot of them being just straight
Codey: Oh, yes. I need a photo of that.
Kevin: up outfits from Pokemon characters.
Kevin: I believe Bugcatcher is one of them.
Kevin: Yeah, the Sabrina and the Lieutenant Serge outfits are pretty good.
Kevin: They're pretty dang good, you guys!
Kevin: [Music]
Codey: Okay. Well, that's where you can find us. You can find the podcast at tumblr and blue sky at
Codey: to you just pod. You can give feedback and links to the
Codey: show notes and the transcripts of all of this lovely waveforms that we made today at the website
Codey: harvestseason.club. While you're there you can also click on the Patreon link and support us on
Codey: patreon if you'd like patreon.com/chs pod. We not only do you get our love and affection but you also
Codey: get access to the slack where we talk about different things and where we show photos. I will put
Codey: I'm trying to think of some cute stuff. I've taken photos of lately. Will my dogs are being adorable?
Codey: But also
Codey: Yeah, I'll just do off our outside sub stuff. Oh
Kevin: Go on the slack and you can DM me so I can tell you the horrifying truth of
Codey: [laughs]
Kevin: Bocopia the I can tell you the actual title of the game, and it's not a comfortable thought
Codey: Correct.
Codey: whoa, whoa. Also, you get access to our greenhouse episodes and have you an
Codey: allergist at a greenhouse as a reaction to Pokemon Day.
Kevin: I was hyped of a pakopi, I remember that, we did.
Kevin: Somehow we talk a lot about wind and waves.
Codey: [laughs]
Kevin: Somehow we always manage to do it
Kevin: when they give us nothing.
Codey: Oh yeah, yeah.
Codey: I do love the, for wind and waves,
Codey: I love the, like videos people have been giving
Codey: about Pomeranians, like in the wind.
Codey: And they're like, when you're Pumbon,
Codey: get gusty wind, or whatever, like, whatever.
Codey: And it's just a Pomeranian, like getting blown around
Codey: in the wind and just being mad.
Kevin: [laughs]
Codey: I also, I am a big fan.
Codey: I think the starters that start off with 4 feet on the floor should someone's got to stay there man like stop making them stand not I don't have anything against like them standing but I just think some of them could be pretty freaking fierce and still be quadrupedal.
Kevin: Yeah yeah no I agree okay but but here here's the thing though okay I think I
Kevin: told Al this all right here's here's the trade Palm Bond will go bipedal but
Kevin: it keeps its face you don't want you don't want you don't want buff doge but with
Codey: No. No, I don't want it to stay.
Codey: Oh, I see what you're saying.
Codey: No, I don't want that.
Kevin: Well, okay, wait wait, since we're here who is bomb on your pick do you have
Codey: Um, I don't really, I mean if I were to get the game, I'd probably pick Palm On.
Codey: Um, I don't know if I'm gonna get it, I don't know if I'm gonna continue with uh, Nintendo, really.
Codey: I have a...
Kevin: I mean, you could still pick a story.
Codey: Correct, I think if I were to pick one at this point, again it's going to depend on final
Codey: in the final evolutions, but for now,
Codey: if I had to pick one, I would pick Palm Bond. I mean, I'm a big fire starter person.
Codey: I think the only times I didn't ever pick the fire starter were when we had a Digimon for Gen 3, I believe.
Kevin: hahaha
Codey: And... Yeah. And then, um, I picked Grookey.
Kevin: God, blazie can something eh that hair. Oh, absolutely good hair like this
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I know what I'm blaming.
Codey: I also... I also just hate how it's always a mammal, a bird, and a reptile, like type of thing.
Kevin: Yeah, they've kind of really fallen into that.
Codey: Like, "Give me a starter that's a bug. Please, for the... please, I want a bug starter."
Codey: I am excited to see the bug, Pokemon. I mean, truly, that's always my favorite thing of new Gen's.
Codey: is give me the new bugs.
Kevin: We'll see, we're in a tropical region, there's a lot of potential there, right?
Codey: You can also tell us what other kinds of greenhouses you'd like.
Kevin: You'd think.
Codey: We have a few options on deck.
Codey: Kev, you and I have to talk about the Sonic 3 movie at some point.
Kevin: You know, there's the bluey cast, the little house, yeah, I think might want to do Sonic
Codey: So the thing about Blue-E is that I think Al also wants to do Blue-E.
Codey: So we got to figure out that's true.
Kevin: 3-2.
Kevin: There's the little house on the prairie retrospect, yeah, which one was that?
Codey: The little house... I got past the little house episode I was stuck on.
Codey: So I am... I am... okay, so there is... there was an episode that was just titled "Remember Me"
Codey: and it was right when Remus... yeah, it's right when Remus passed.
Kevin: I know that one I know that.
Kevin: Oh!
Codey: So I had just lost my dog and it starts with a guy taking puppies from a mom dog
Kevin: Oof!
Codey: and like card.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Codey: And the mom dog is just standing in the barn and like whining and the puppies are just in a sack in the back of it and then he legit takes the puppies to the river and puts a rock in it and then but Laura and Mary see him do it and then they save the puppies and then the whole thing is like trying to get the puppies a home like trying to find people to take the puppies but also then like the parallel is that a woman who's husband just died.
Kevin: Yeah, oh.
Codey: she finds out she has cancer and
Codey: so she has to find a home for her children, LITTLE HOUSE DOES NOT POLL ANY PUNCHES.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, it's
Kevin: Yeah, oh my gosh what the oh, that's the worst timing. That's like me and grievered
Codey: Yeah so when I saw that when it was, I basically took like a 5-month hiatus from it or something
Kevin: Yeah
Codey: like that because I was like I can't, I can't have a dog episode that's titled Remember
Kevin: Yeah, no, yeah
Codey: me and that it wasn't even really about the dogs.
Kevin: No, it wasn't but they still get you that's a that's a hook
Codey: Um, they were kind of a small. Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, that's that's the B part somehow, but what a hook
Codey: But that like, I didn't especially like because I hadn't watched, I hadn't watched far enough to see what was going to happen.
Codey: I was like, I can't do this. Like, I can't, I don't know what's going to happen here.
Kevin: Yeah, no, I don't blame you.
Codey: So, but yeah, I pass that now. Um, I am now in season five and Ma was just sick with like, tetanus maybe.
Kevin: That's a stressful episode. I don't... yup.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Like, that was a very tense episode.
Codey: Oh, and then the next episode, the kids are on a-- okay.
Codey: So this is the type of thing you all could hear in a greenhouse.
Codey: So if you are not already your patron, you can go to patreon.com/thspod and sign up and support
Codey: us.
Codey: Even just a few bucks a month helps us talk this nonsense.
Kevin: And you get access to the Slack where if you go and message me, I will tell you oh every said that. Yeah. We'll learn the secret. Yeah
Codey: Yeah, you'll learn a secret. You can come and ask you
Kevin: Yeah
Codey: I'm sorry. I'm so tired. This daily savings really hecked me up this year. Oh
Kevin: It's bad. It's been bad. I mean, this was really bad because this was also
Kevin: Copia weekend, so it's like, oh, yeah, I'm up at three. Oh, it's for one. See
Codey: Yeah, yeah
Codey: Yeah
Codey: It's a breeze you only got you got one less hour in the eve in the nighttime to play play a game or do anything at all
Kevin: I my mistake was I should have just kept playing and not gone to bed and then I just be really dead
Codey: You
Codey: No, don't do that. Okay. Well, that is the episode. Thank you Kevin for joining me slash leading the pakopia conversation
Kevin: Yes, thank you Cody for hearing me talk ad nauseum for an hour about this game that has that now owns me
Kevin: Thank you al for letting us talk. I'm sorry. I gave you covid over the internet, but
Codey: And yeah, thank you all for providing this space and this friendship and this family that we've built. I am so thankful. Thank you listeners for listening and until next time, have a good harvest.
Kevin: That well soon
Kevin: Good harvest. I could...
Theme Tune: The Harvest season is created by Alma Henry, with support from our patrons, including our
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin Stewart and Alisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Brutus.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Kevin: I have a, okay, do you know why Drifloon takes you?
Codey: Have a have a have a eye for what have a eye for what yeah
Kevin: I'll tell you, oh, that's a good one.
Kevin: You want me to tell you about harvesting,
Kevin: this proposed credit is, I don't know, but so,
Kevin: Drifloon, we know what Drifloon does,
Kevin: it takes the children away, right?
Kevin: So, do you know what I'm talking about?
Codey: Okay, I think so, yeah.
Kevin: Drifloon's Pokedex?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, it takes children away,
Kevin: or tries to at least.
Kevin: So in PCOPIA, there's no children.
Kevin: Just don't say that about it, but when you find a polka doll, it's like, "Oh, that, that reminds me of the children, has the energy of the children."
Kevin: "Yeah, I'll take you somewhere, that gives me enough energy."
Kevin: And that's, that's why Drifloom, you have to show Drifloom a polka doll to pick your island you want to go to.
Kevin: So you can be moved from there.
Codey: That yeah, it's a little creepy though that's
Kevin: Yeah, it's nothing.
Codey: Though I love that to be like I freakin love that kind of stuff because
Kevin: Yeah.
Codey: Like biologically a quote-unquote relevant to them
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that's great.